[docs] Document build cache provider limitations (#46320)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/cache-builds-remotely.mdx

A reference implementation using GitHub Releases to cache builds can be found in the [Build Cache Provider Example](https://github.com/expo/examples/tree/master/with-github-remote-build-cache-provider).

## Limitations

> The build cache provider is consulted only by local `npx expo run:[android|ios]` commands. Builds triggered with `eas build` are not affected — they always produce fresh artifacts and never invoke the cache provider plugin.

Reviewer: **[suggestion]** Style guide prefers separate sentences over em dashes for phrase splitting (`expo-docs-style-guide.md#punctuation`).

```suggestion
The build cache provider is consulted only by local `npx expo run:[android|ios]` commands. Builds triggered with `eas build` are not affected. They always produce fresh artifacts and never invoke the cache provider plugin.
```

Some local builds are also skipped:

> - **iOS physical device builds.** A device build is only valid on devices that match its provisioning profile, so reusing one across machines or devices is unsafe. `npx expo run:ios` therefore skips both the cache lookup and the post-build upload when the target is a physical device. Only iOS simulator builds participate in caching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **iOS physical device builds.** A device build is only valid on devices that match its provisioning profile, so reusing one across machines or devices is unsafe. `npx expo run:ios` therefore skips both the cache lookup and the post-build upload when the target is a physical device. Only iOS Simulator builds participate in caching.
```

> If you're using `appVersionSource: "remote"` in **eas.json**, note that the `buildNumber` (iOS) and `versionCode` (Android) live on EAS servers rather than in your project source, so they are not part of the fingerprint inputs. This is fine for normal dev iteration — local `npx expo run:*` invocations don't auto-increment those values — but be aware that a cached artifact retains whatever build number was embedded when it was originally built.

Reviewer: **[suggestion]** Two em dashes in a 37-word sentence; style guide prefers separate sentences (`expo-docs-style-guide.md#punctuation`). "dev" is also colloquial and not in the approved short-form list (`expo-docs-style-guide.md#word-usage`) — use "development". Suggestion also flips platform order to Android, iOS per the platform-order rule.

```suggestion
If you're using `appVersionSource: "remote"` in **eas.json**, note that the `versionCode` (Android) and `buildNumber` (iOS) live on EAS servers rather than in your project source, so they are not part of the fingerprint inputs. This is fine for normal local development iteration, since `npx expo run:*` invocations don't auto-increment those values. Be aware that a cached artifact retains whatever build number was embedded when it was originally built.
```

> If you're using `appVersionSource: "remote"` in **eas.json**, note that the `buildNumber` (iOS) and `versionCode` (Android) live on EAS servers rather than in your project source, so they are not part of the fingerprint inputs. This is fine for normal dev iteration — local `npx expo run:*` invocations don't auto-increment those values — but be aware that a cached artifact retains whatever build number was embedded when it was originally built.

Reviewer: **[nit]** Platform order in flowing prose is Android, iOS, and Web (`expo-docs-style-guide.md#glossary-and-product-names`). Standalone fix in case the larger rewrite above isn't applied:

```suggestion
If you're using `appVersionSource: "remote"` in **eas.json**, note that the `versionCode` (Android) and `buildNumber` (iOS) live on EAS servers rather than in your project source, so they are not part of the fingerprint inputs. This is fine for normal dev iteration — local `npx expo run:*` invocations don't auto-increment those values — but be aware that a cached artifact retains whatever build number was embedded when it was originally built.
```

> If you're using `appVersionSource: "remote"` in **eas.json**, note that the `buildNumber` (iOS) and `versionCode` (Android) live on EAS servers rather than in your project source, so they are not part of the fingerprint inputs. This is fine for normal dev iteration — local `npx expo run:*` invocations don't auto-increment those values — but if you ever run `npx expo run:[android|ios] --configuration Release` intending to upload that binary to a store, opt out of the cache for that invocation with `EXPO_NO_CACHE=1`.

Reviewer 2: I don't think `EXPO_NO_CACHE` disables build cache providers

Author: Good catch, removed
